2.2.1 release (#38)
studiopress/genesis-simple-sidebars: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 2.2.1 =

> * Allow sidebars to show in the custom Blog Posts page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow sidebars to show in the WordPress Posts page.
```

Updated to reflect that this is a WordPress setting; used case used on `wp-admin/options-reading.php`
